forget nothing cost 1 2
if you want to present a human
imagine with a complete object such and such
such and such a mouth and such and such
such and such
the currency of you
guys machine than i don't close
keys in the ignition, see
Mari the keys in the ignition stand here
you guys look where cars
that is, any person passing by
want in 1 storage you have long
inspector cult swing swing i'm not
I know this the rest crouched
please here is the result here too
can also happen inspector yes here
please asked me to quasi-paying and
the ignition key is located and you are from
your car is at a distance of 15
meters from any maps we wanted
take possession of your
hazardous consequences
Samara there is such a read I wrote there
tells how to protect your
vehicle from theft and there
item is spelled out one that all rome
close the windows do not leave things to
not attract thereby provoke
criminals, and certainly not any way
don't leave your keys in the ignition
here so data inspectors I do not know
it is possible and knowledge is not covered
just how strange it turns out that
gbdd means drivers call for data
by action
so that the crime itself employees
road patrol strips
against my word